Title: Middle/Senior Python Developer.
Company: Amsterdam Standard.
Tags: python sql django microservices backend aws graphql.
We are Amsterdam Standard, the software house with a team of skilled, experienced and passionate developers. We manage and develop mobile and web projects. Hard working, fun making, constantly striving to improve ourselves and get results.   very strong Python programming skills, experience with at least one of Python-based web frameworks (e.x. Django) experience with web services,  knowledge of design patterns, capability of building unit & functional tests, practical knowledge of VCS tools (Git or Mercurial), practical knowledge related to databases MySQL or PostgreSQL, good command of English.    JavaScript    being a part of a great team of skilled, experienced and passionate developers which your opinion matters, we will co-finance your conference and trainings attendances, possibility to attend English classes, we care about your work-life balance - flexible working hours and possible remote work, excellent work atmosphere – many unforgettable integration parties, time to relax with table football and Pizza Fridays 😊 last, but not least: health care, multisport, fresh fruit and much more!    our codebase is hosted on BitBucket/GitHub, we manage our projects using Jira, Taiga & Redmine, we work in Scrum when it makes a point, 8/10 projects are hosted on Amazon or Azure, we track live environment issues using Sentry, we use prometheus/ELK/grafana for more advanced monitoring, we deploy new projects using Docker, we use our own infrastructure with Rancher cluster installed for internal development & testing, we use Slack for daily communication & Skype/hangouts/appear.in for video calls, you can check out our know-how & other nice stuff in our company’s wiki, we analyse the code we make using SonarQube, we use LDAP management for accessing our internal tools, we have our own Synology NAS for file sharing, sometimes (when you’re waiting for your client’s feedback ;-)) we develop our internal projects or skills with the cutting-edge technologies (ECMA6, Redshift, EMR, pipeline, Lambda, PHP 7.x, Python 3.5, ReactJS, Angular etc.).