Title: DevOps Engineer.
Company: Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Tags: python scala ansible docker mesos elasticsearch sql.
We are looking for a DevOps expert to join our New York teams. We are building an application which will use a large Elastic Search index to make certain kinds of financial data available within the organization. We are looking for a candidate who can help us manage the complexities of running this application: The successful candidate will be a person who can draw from a wide range of deployment, configuration, development and system administration skills to help improve the robustness and performance of our application and the platform it runs on. While the focus of this job is DevOps, we expect all candidates to be developers as well - you will have the option of particpating in the daily activity of a team. We expect you to apply your DevOps skill to raise the capability of the entire global team. While this job is located in Downtown New York, we are an international team. We want people who can help provide uplift to our entire operation. We consider developers from all backgrounds and all levels of experience. Previous financial experience may be helpful but not a requirement. We can offer flexible conditions and a stimulating, creative atmosphere. We have vacancies for both contractors and permanent employees.   No telecommuting, this is primarily an office based role. No agencies please    Fluency in at least one of the programming languages we use (Python, Scala or JavaScript - including variants such as ES6 or TypeScript). That means in addition to knowing the syntax of a language, we expect in-depth knowledge of its idioms, types and standard library. Fluency in at least one configuration/deployment tool (e.g. Ansible or Puppet) Strong Linux system administration skills.   Please just email a resume to robert.donnelly@baml.com. We do not require a covering letter but we do love to see GitHub links. Our assessment process may include the following:  A web-based programming challenge to be completed in your own time  At least one face-to-face interview, which will include a pair-programming exercise * A review of your resume and previous work.  Bank of America Merrill Lynch is a multinational banking and financial services corporation. We are an equal opportunities employer and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion or belief.