Title: Senior Python Developer.
Company: ECS Digital.
Tags: python aws lambda connect typescript react s3 kenesis.
ECS is looking for experienced Python developers to join a project which will deliver telephony based on Amazon’s Connect platform. We are building the next generation of contact centre based on AWS and modern DevOps practices. We are looking to bring people into the team that are capable of maturing our ability in developing bespoke applications and back-end integrations. The technology we work with includes;  AWS SDKs (Python / NodeJS) DynamoDB, Athena, S3, Kinesis, Lambda, API Gateway JavaScript / TypeScript / HTML / CSS Amazon Connect ElasticSearch Logstash Kibana and some Splunk CloudWatch, IAM, AWS Config Rules  We value technologies and individuals who can rapidly bring value to our customers.   Commercial python and relevant AWS experience AWS Developer Associate Level certification (or desire to pass within 3 months) Proven Experience with AWS Services relevant to the technology we work with Familiarity with CI/CD   Please email your CV to Rosie Binfield. You do not need to provide a covering letter. Candidates should have the legal right to work in the United Kingdom. We are an equal opportunities employer. It is our policy to promote an environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation.   Design, document and develop features and products specific to the customers that we work with Provide consultative services to customers, usually working in mixed teams (ours and the customers) to deliver on agreed outcomes Interpret customer challenges into software solutions or software integrations Develop Proof of Concept alongside our customers, capturing the value and presenting this to wider audiences Capture valuable assets you create in order to apply across multiple customers   ECS Digital are one of the fastest growing digital transformation and DevOps consultancies in the UK. We support clients with their digital transformation journeys including among others Automation, Continuous Integration, Deployment and Testing. We focus on focusing on people, process and tools. Established over 10 years ago, we are one of the oldest DevOps consultancies which means we know a thing or two about how Digital Transformations should be done. Our DevOps services are highly sought after by established companies in a variety of fields e.g. media, oil & gas and finance.  Our values define who we are and the way we do business. By being leaders in DevOps we’re adaptable and quick to embrace change and new technologies. We believe in hiring people who are passionate about pushing boundaries to make the impossible possible. Our biggest asset is our people. People who don’t settle for second best and people who work and win in teams to deliver the best solutions for our clients. Everyone at ECS Digital is encouraged to do things differently, to believe in themselves and each other, and to make daring decisions – even if it means making the occasional mistake. We’re a close-knit family of friendly professionals who enjoy what we do every day.