Title: Senior Backend Python Developer.
Company: Future Link Corporation.
Tags: python sql flask senior babel mock nose postgresql docutils restructuredtext git jenkins mysql redis logtools nginx uwsgi virtualenv mvc.
There are several on-site positions available at our company in Santo Domingo, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC. Some are VP Engineering, DevOps/Unix Systems Administrator, and Senior Backend Python Developer. If you aren’t a citizen nor resident, we’ll help with the work visa. Details and how to apply are here.  The incumbent performs software development activities of various projects with identified project and company goals in the fastest time, optimized efficiency, maximized output, robustness, scalability, portability, and endurance of the product and/or service.  Includes the following. Other duties may be assigned.  Development of web projects and possible offline counterparts. Implementation of core and feature specifications for projects. Use Agile development methodologies.  Emergency system support and administration tasks.   Possesses a strong understanding of critical thinking and analysis and advanced problem-solving skills, and takes the initiative in following up on tasks. Excellent communicator. Excellent command of the Spanish and English languages. Bonus skills: UNIX-like operating system administration, network administration, and database administration.    Python, including babel, Behave, Docutils, reStructuredText, Flask, logtools, pip, pygit2, pylint, and virtualenv following PEP-8 guidelines; Source code management using git; caching using redis and memcached; celery, rabbitMQ, beanstalkd; Unit testing using mock, nose, and Jenkins; uWSGI and nginx; PostgreSQL and MySQL; MVC software engineering   Minimum of three (3) years in a software development position. Formal mathematics or computer science education is a bonus. However, incumbent must demonstrate strong problem-solving skills.   Strong attention to detail. Team player. Self-organized. Positive attitude. Takes initiative. Professional. Fast learner. Requires little supervision. Trustworthy. Punctual and responsible.   Occasionally, overtime will be required due to deadlines or project emergencies. There’s a required minimum work time of 40 hours a week. Work days are from Monday to Friday. Employees may enter from 08:00 to 10:00 as long as eight (8) hours of work are completed that day (breaks, including lunch break not included).  Legal benefits as encountered in the Dominican Republic’s “Código de Trabajo”.   All applications must be submitted via: http://www.proveyourworth.net/level3/