Title: Senior Web Developer.
Company: Housekeep.
Tags: Python Django Rest Framework Heroku Postgres Angular API Startup cleaning London England uk.
Interested in working at a successful, funded start-up where every team member can make a huge contribution? Keen to make software that people will use every single day to make their lives easier? Excited to work on greenfield projects with responsibility and independence? Able to pick the right tool for the job, and learn new frameworks quickly? Meticulous about quality, and gifted with a strong desire to write beautiful code?   Housekeep is making it totally painless to find an amazing cleaner. We measure our success first by the number of cleaners that want to work with us, and second by the number of satisfied customers who keep booking with us week after week. We use technology to grow these numbers month after month, and to increase our efficiency as we scale. We’ve already proved that this business has legs: we have industry-leading operations technology and great underlying economics.  Adding technology to home services throws up a lot of hard problems: real-time scheduling, job-allocation, routing and messaging to coordinate thousands of complex home visits. And all this complexity has to be presented to our cleaners, operations staff and customers with beautiful, intuitive user interfaces. We’ve got good foundational tools in place, built over two years by two full-time, full-stack web developers. You would be the third pillar of the team, joining early enough to influence tool-choice and architecture as we go forward. We also want you to contribute to our collaborative and fun office atmosphere. We want to work with a developer who cares about the way their code impacts the people who have to use it.   Python on the server side, using Django as a web framework, and Django Rest Framework for our API PostgreSQL for our database, using some of its advanced geographic modelling capabilities AngularJS on the clientside A hybrid mobile app for cleaners developed using Ionic on top of Cordova    You’ll have experience in at least some of the above technologies. You can demonstrate a track record of building great products for the web and/or mobile You’ll be excited about understanding the real problems working people come up against and fixing them with technology. You’ll love the idea of being a big part of a small team: if you come up with a great idea, you can take it all the way to production.