Title: Graduate/Junior Python (+ JS) Developer.
Company: LIVE IT.
Tags: uk python django javascript vuejs aws microservices Docker serverless junior graduate edinburgh glasgow.
LIVE IT is looking for a graduate or junior Python (and JavaScript) developer to join our technology team in Edinburgh. Our ticketing platform is trusted by event professionals around the world to deliver their primary revenue stream. Our next step is a suite of tools for event promotion, analytics & management and we would like you to help us build it. You will specify, build and deploy new features as well as find and fix bugs, refactor code and improve the speed and resilience of our platform. There are opportunities to get involved in all aspects of software development and you will be given the support and resources to learn and grow your skills.  Ideally you will have a degree in computer science or a related field and enough experience with Python to feel comfortable tackling everyday programming problems. We would like to see a working knowledge of CSS and JavaScript for tackling frontend tasks too. You should know your way around a Linux command line and experience using Docker and AWS will help you get up and running quickly, but is not essential.  LIVE IT provides registration and ticketing for events and venues. Our primary market is live events such as festivals and concerts. The LIVE IT technology team is based in CodeBase, right next to Edinburgh Castle. We work flexible hours and usually work from home on Fridays. We take a mentor-based approach using a combination of pair programming and coaching. Our company culture is important to us. Everyone is encouraged to share their views and suggestions, everyone is given the autonomy to handle their own work schedule and everyone is given the support to succeed.   Flexible hours Work from home on Fridays (if you want!) Generous equipment budget to spend as you wish Weekly team lunches Lovely city centre office Small multi-skilled team 25 days annual leave (in addition to bank holidays) Take English or Scottish bank holidays Working-parent friendly Comfy chairs for nap time   To apply, please send your CV and a link to your GitHub (or similar) profile to devjobs@liveit.io Unfortunately we are not offering visa sponsorship for this role, so you will need the right to work in the UK. No agencies please.