Title: Senior Python/Django Backend Engineer.
Company: Ro.
Tags: python django postgresql healthcare.
Leading the design and development of backend features and components Collaborating with other engineers in API design and development Scaling the backend architecture and codebase Reducing the level of technical debt of the backend codebase Stewarding technical standards and quality Interface with product and other functional teams and their leadership Provide peer code review and work with remote engineering teams Analyze and assess code with an insistence on quality and reliability    Experience working on backend systems at scale, using technologies like PostgreSQL, Django, Redis, Python, RESTFul APIs, etc. Experience building and deploying complex but well architected, maintainable, and testable application backends Experience with error logging and performance tools such (Sentry, New Relic, etc.) Strong object-oriented programming and test driven development skills Great communication skills, interacting with development, testing and product team members Experience working as part of an agile team and knowledge of agile process Inquisitive, love to learn, embrace failure, and never give up  We welcome qualified candidates of all races, creeds, genders and sexuality to apply.  We are Ro, a mission-driven healthcare technology company where doctors, pharmacists and engineers are working together to reinvent the way the healthcare system works. So it works better for everyone–providers and patients alike. We promise to make the complicated straightforward. The expensive affordable. And the frustrating delightful. By tearing down the walls and bringing providers and patients together in one place, we’re making it easier and more affordable for millions of people to get personalized treatment, get healthy and get back to living the lives they dream about. Ro is backed by some of the best investors in the world. Our investors have also backed Warby Parker, Harry’s, Stripe, Oscar, and PillPack.