Title: Senior Research Software Developer.
Company: Center for Applied Earth Science and Engineering Research.
Tags: python full-stack django react geospatial postgresql postgis.
We are looking for a full stack developer that’s interested in developing and applying technical solutions on a range of research problems. The ideal candidate will be passionate about open source technology and interested in learning about a range of topics such as groundwater research, urban analytics, or applied GIS.   Develop and maintain internal and external websites for data collection and dissemination including the CAESER Geoportal as well as other web applications Develop large and complex system projects and prototype implementations by participating in and overseeing their design, development, testing, debugging, and documentation  Conduct detailed system analysis to define scope, objectives, and implementation of custom applications utilized in data collection Develops training materials for a range of technical capabilities Conduct needs assessment and make recommendations for hardware and software requirements for variety of projects Lead or assist with the development of future research opportunities Participate in both technical and non-technical presentations at local, national, and international conferences    Experience with full stack web application development using Python, JavaScript, Django, and React Knowledge of various relational database management systems like PostgreSQL Experience with version control systems like Git Knowledge of PAAS services such as Dokku Master’s degree in related area and two years related experience. Relevant experience may substitute for required education. Interest in applying technology solutions to a broad spectrum of domains and disciplines and a willingness to learn a little about each    Experience with geospatial data and technology including, but not limited to, PostGIS, QGIS,  GDAL,  Familiarity with Linux server environments Experience with visualization libraries like D3, Leaflet, or OpenLayers Interest in and experience with open source technology    Up to 31 days of paid time off per year Paid tuition for up to 9 credit hours per semester 401(k) with university matching Professional development opportunities through international, national, and regional conferences   The Center for Applied Earth Science and Engineering Research (CAESER) is an inter-disciplinary applied research center based out of the Herff College of Engineering at the University of Memphis. We work with a variety of governmental and non-profit organizations to develop data-driven solutions for a range of urban challenges. Our projects include groundwater research and monitoring, urban analytics, legacy data migration, or disaster response and recovery information support. To apply, visit the University of Memphis Work Forum. To learn more about CAESER, visit our website.  .. _website: http://strengthencommunities.com/ .. _University of Memphis Work Forum: http://bit.ly/2jbWXUX