Title: Senior Platform & DevOps Engineer.
Company: Popsa.
Tags: AWS EC2 javascript jenkins lambda Laravel node Python PHP REST SQL.
Popsa is an e-Commerce startup that uses data to automatically create personalised prints such as photobooks, calendars, posters, canvases, and postcards. Our vision is to generate beautiful keep-sake mementos and personal photo-diaries entirely in the background - selecting the best user-generated content via machine learning algorithms before programmatically designing an appropriate layout. We print from the best facilities in Europe and deliver direct to your door within days. Our aim is to build a subscription service to your memories; your best photos carefully curated and lovingly presented, printed and shipped to you each month - all without lifting a finger.   Hours of work goes into getting an automated workflow right, so there are very few things more satisfying than a successful build and deploy. This is a central role having a unique perspective of the business with an opportunity to craft optimal, automated workflows, and develop our core APIs to support new products, suppliers and mobile/web clients. We want this role to be grabbed by an engineer who prides themselves on writing safe, stable and maintainable code, and who is passionate about automating not only their own workflows but those across the business. The role deserves a bright individual with a spark of creative problem solving, paired with a sensible approach to risk.  Recently funded, we’re now in a position to launch a range of new products; this is a significant task that requires a re-think of some key architectural decisions we made in our live platform. You’ll be working closely with the CEO and CTO to figure this out and launch a solution by the Autumn. We are constantly striving to improve Popsa, from UX, to customer support, to platform architecture, so to help us improve even faster, we have set a goal to migrate from our existing large APIs written using Laravel framework (PHP) towards HTTP micro services and server-less functions (AWS Lambda) in Node.js - you’ll take charge of this effort. Popsa runs entirely on Amazon AWS services, so please only apply if you’re familiar with EC2, Simple Queue Service, Lambda, RDS, DynamoDB and API Gateway.  We’re also looking for someone who is up for a challenge, there’s a lot of responsibility here, and we want someone who pushes themselves to constantly improve. Do you have pet projects? Contribute to open-source communities? Are you a regular at AWS Summit? You could be the right person for the job.  Education is everything, but we recognise there are many ways to get it. You could have a BSc/MSc in Computer Science (or a related subject) but you might be a self-taught superstar. We don’t discrimnate on education, it’s the results that matter.  Expertise  RESTful APIs – you’ll be designing and building new APIs for our mobile and web clients, and integrating with new partners and suppliers  PHP and Laravel - a large chunk of our platform is built with these technologies Object-oriented JavaScript and Node.js — this is where we’re headed Structuring code for scalability and performance AWS Services - EC2, AutoScaling, RDS, DynamoDB, S3, Lambda, CodeDeploy, VPC, CloudFront, Route53, CloudWatch, SQS, SNS, SES SQL - writing queries should be second nature Package managers, like Composer and NPM Testing frameworks Git - we’re big on branching workflows, pull requests and code reviews Automated Code Deployment - with tools like Jenkins or AWS CodeDeploy Python - we have a set of micro-services written in Python Terminal - your shell choice says a lot about you Professional IDEs like PHPStorm or WebStorm Linux - you should be very comfortable with Unix-style operating systems   If you have a few years of commercial experience under your belt (freelance or employed) that’s a definite bonus. Make sure you tell us about it when you apply.  Ideally  Documenting code and processes comes easy to you You have a working knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3 Together we will evangelise the benefits of automated workflows     We’re a close and hard-working team; happy to share workloads and work late at crunch time, you’ll need to be a team-player. We’re sticklers for neat, maintainable, well-documented code that follows the conventions for the language or framework you’re working with. We’ll expect you to feel the same way. We work in an Agile team with quick iterations, regular deployments, weekly sprints; it helps if you’ve experienced these working patterns. We’re driving towards increased automation so we expect everyone to contribute to this DevOps culture with high-visibility of application performance. You’ll be responsible for API development (architecture, programming, testing, documentation, and deployment), internal apps (such as our bespoke PDF generators and our customer support CMS) and platform stability/security (ensuring Popsa stays up and running whilst protecting our customer’s data).   You’ll receive a competitive salary, but most importantly, you will also get to own part of the business. 2% equity in the company has been put aside for this role. We’ll tell you all about it as part of the interview process.  Right person for the job? Want to be part of a dynamic, young team? I want to hear from you personally! Email me at jobs@popsa.com with your CV and examples of relevant experience. Salary is negotiable and dependent on level of skill and experience; feel free to be honest and state your desired renumeration level. I look forward to hearing from you. Tom Cohen, CTO, Popsa