Title: Software Engineer.
Company: Molex, LLC.
Tags: us python numpy wxPython PyQt architecture svn git scientific.
Molex is seeking a Software Engineer enthusiast to develop, integrate, and deploy software to facilitate the design, manufacture, and testing of high-speed electrical interconnects across multiple manufacturing regions throughout the world.  In this role you will coordinate software development activities with various teams, including product development, manufacturing, marketing, quality, etc..   Work closely with electrical and mechanical engineers to write software specifications to meet internal and external customer requirements and design and develop software solutions for both internal and external customers. Evaluate new software solution opportunities for existing challenges and ensure compliance and safety throughout software life cycle. Evaluate software reliability and performance using code reviews, design reviews, and unit testing. Analyze test results, prepare reports, and make required software modifications. Write API and usage documentation, and publish it internally. Develop statements of work before all significant developments to ensure customer needs are met while reducing scope creep. Develop project timelines and milestone dates and use risk mitigation tools like code and design reviews to ensure product success.     Bachelor’s degree in Systems or Computer Engineering or Computer Science 3+ years’ software engineering experience    Master’s degree in Systems or Computer Engineering or Computer Science 5+ years’ software engineering experience    Advanced work experience as a software engineer designing interactive applications. 3+ years programming experience in Python or C#/VB .NET Experience building desktop applications on Windows (Qt or wx preferred) A strong understanding of software architecture and design Extensive experience with source control tools such as Git or SVN High proficiency using analytical tools such as Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and others as required. Strong verbal and written communication skills that demonstrate the ability to express complex technical concepts clearly and concisely with global teams. Analytical ability to apply logical reasoning, test assumptions, observe results and make corrections. Understanding of lean/six sigma principles.     To apply: Please click the following link(s) to view job(s). View details - 3583BR - Software Engineer OR https://www.molex.com/jobs (search for 3583BR and apply) Molex, LLC is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorty/Female/Disabled/Veteran Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test. This employer uses E-Verify.